SBOM (Software Bill of Materials)

             Dependency                           Version               License (SPDX)                   VCS URL
github.com/VividCortex/ewma          v1.2.0                             MIT            https://github.com/VividCortex/ewma
github.com/acarl005/stripansi        v0.0.0-20180116102854-5a71ef0e047d MIT            https://github.com/acarl005/stripansi
github.com/cipriancraciun/go-cdb-lib v0.0.0-20190809203657-d959ce9cc674 MIT            https://github.com/cipriancraciun/go-cdb-lib
github.com/eiannone/keyboard         v0.0.0-20220611211555-0d226195f203 MIT            https://github.com/eiannone/keyboard
github.com/gdamore/encoding          v1.0.0                             Apache-2.0     https://github.com/gdamore/encoding
github.com/gdamore/tcell/v2          v2.6.0                             Apache-2.0     https://github.com/gdamore/tcell
github.com/jessevdk/go-flags         v1.5.0                             BSD-3-Clause   https://github.com/jessevdk/go-flags
github.com/cipriancraciun/fzf        v0.0.0-20230314092702-b7fd371a785c MIT            https://github.com/cipriancraciun/fzf
github.com/klauspost/cpuid/v2        v2.2.4                             MIT            https://github.com/klauspost/cpuid
github.com/lucasb-eyer/go-colorful   v1.2.0                             MIT            https://github.com/lucasb-eyer/go-colorful
github.com/mattn/go-runewidth        v0.0.14                            MIT            https://github.com/mattn/go-runewidth
github.com/mattn/go-shellwords       v1.0.12                            MIT            https://github.com/mattn/go-shellwords
github.com/peterh/liner              v1.2.2                             MIT            https://github.com/peterh/liner
github.com/rivo/uniseg               v0.4.4                             MIT            https://github.com/rivo/uniseg
github.com/saracen/walker            v0.1.3                             MIT            https://github.com/saracen/walker
github.com/vbauerster/mpb/v5         v5.4.0                             Unlicense      https://github.com/vbauerster/mpb
github.com/zeebo/xxh3                v1.0.2                             BSD-2-Clause   https://github.com/zeebo/xxh3
go.starlark.net                      v0.0.0-20230302034142-4b1e35fe2254 BSD-3-Clause   https://github.com/google/starlark-go
golang.org/x/sync                    v0.1.0                             BSD-3-Clause   https://github.com/golang/sync
golang.org/x/sys                     v0.6.0                             BSD-3-Clause   https://github.com/golang/sys
golang.org/x/term                    v0.6.0                             BSD-3-Clause   https://github.com/golang/term
golang.org/x/text                    v0.8.0                             BSD-3-Clause   https://github.com/golang/text

